Welcome to the official SaaStr podcast
where you can hear some of the best
SaaStr [music] speakers. This is where
the cloud meets.
Up today on the [music] SaaStr podcast,
the magical thing that Amelia said, it's
so magical,
is that unlike off-the-shelf software,
when a customer asks you, "Hey, could
you do this?" Instead of saying no or
asking your CS person if it's on the
road map for the next 24 months, if it's
not that complicated, we go into Replit
and just say build it now.
It we can ship it that day and we're not
engineers. To say that is magical is an
understatement.
Anytime with with off-the-shelf
software, someone asks you for something
that isn't obvious how you do it in the
app, the answer has to be no,
unfortunately. We're stuck with what we
got. So, it's not a reason to start
there, but if you get something pretty
good into production working, your
ability to enhance it for what your
customers want, it is magical.
Hey everybody, SaaStr Annual will be
back May 2026, the world's largest SaaS
and AI gathering for executive with 68
VP level and above attendees, 36% CEOs
and founders, and 25% were AI first
professionals. It's the very best of
S-tier [music] attendees and
decision-makers that come to SaaStr
Annual and AI Summit each and every
year. Lock in your spot today. Use
[music] my code Jason100 for exclusive
savings. Get your tickets at
podcast.saastannual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. SaaStr Annual and AI
Summit 2026, [music]
it will rock.
Welcome everybody.
Welcome. All right, sweet. Let me share
my screen. Maybe for a little context
before we start,
Amelia will drive most of this. Just I
know a lot of you have followed our
agentic journey.
We started off
rolling out a bunch of AI SDRs. We built
a bunch of AI VC tools that did a
million startup valuations.
I know we started building our own
agents.
We talked
earlier on AI Workshop Wednesday and
we'll do another one on our AI VP of
Marketing. We've written a lot about it.
It really runs our team meetings and
everyday logs into Slack and tells us
what to do and stresses us out and nags
us. It's pretty good.
And then Amelia built that. She built I
built the early ones and Amelia took it
over, built our AI VP of Marketing for
what she needed, and then built
and she'll she'll drive talk you through
this. What now we see is our AI VP of
Customer Success. It started off as a
project management tool for our sponsors
at SaaStr Annual, SaaStr AI Annual in
May. Please everyone come. We'll have
10,000 folks, the best of AI and B2B,
May 12th through 14th.
And it quickly grew into this AI VP of
Customer Success tool. And I just want
to highlight two things and then I'll
let Amelia show it to you so you can see
it.
One is just at a meta level, this is the
best thing we've built so far. This AI
VP of Customer It works better, it has
fewer bugs, it adds more value versus
unit of time increased. So, I think the
obvious reminder is if you're going to
build your own apps, build your own apps
in Replit and Level AI or V Zero or
others,
just understand you'll get better and
better as the journey as it goes on like
everything. And I started this journey,
Amelia took it over, took the baton. The
VP of Marketing is pretty good, but this
one's even better and the next one will
be even better. So, it may take you 6
months to build the AI agent of your
dreams. You may need to build multiple
agents and apps to get there, but ours
just keep getting better and better.
Okay. And the second point, this one is
so important.
We're going to show you everything our
AI VP of Customer Success can do. And I
know a lot of you And what I want you to
do is see what we built because you can
build it yourself. If we built it, you
can build it. We built this with no
engineers and it adds dramatic value to
our little tiny team doing eight figures
of revenue. What I think isn't helpful
that I see a lot of folks do on social
media, and it's fine that they do it,
but I think they're missing the point
like "Oh, well, that only works for
SaaStr." "Oh, that only works for a
media or community or events business."
No.
First, anything we do that is so niche
to us, we don't think will help anybody.
We don't share that stuff with you. We
don't we don't want to share like the
hyper niche stuff that only helps you if
you want a popcorn machine in your
booth, okay? We're not share sharing
that stuff for the most part. We're
sharing stuff that if you think about it
is universal to software and B2B
companies. What is universal is going
back to a larger installed base than you
can realistically touch with humans.
Going back to them when they have
hundreds and hundreds of deliverables
and things to do that is difficult for a
human to follow up. So, what I want you
to do today and then I'll let Amelia
take it is not look at some of what we
built and say, "Oh, that's that's an n
equal one app specific to SaaStr." It
is, that's true. It is an n equal one
app. We built our own AI
But think, "Wow, what if I built my own
version of this, customized to my
business, not an off-the-shelf piece of
software? Could I tweak the workflows
that SaaStr has built, the follow-ups,
the the the dashboard, the the agent and
do my own version?" Because you probably
can. That's the better learning from
this. You probably can. So, I'll shut
up, but but think more about this and
how can you make a prime version and
iteration of this for your own business
rather than take shots at how any
individual marketing campaign or
workflow we do isn't what you need in
your in your vertical SaaStr dentist.
That's not the point. So,
thanks. I'll let Amelia drive and and
I'll then I'll kibitz and comment.
>> [snorts]
>> Yep.
Love it. Thanks for the Thanks for the
tee up. I think it's super helpful for
folks to have some context. I added some
context here as well, just more
specifically on our AI VP of Customer
Success
that we'll get into in detail and then I
go through the steps of how we actually
built this.
So,
first and foremost, if you want to see
QB in action just to see like what we've
built, you can go to saastrsponsors.com.
We've shown it before. It's changed a
lot since the last time we've shown it.
You won't be able to do everything cuz
if you're not a sponsor, you can't sign
in. So, if you're not one of our
customers, you may not be able to do
everything in it without signing in, but
it was one of those things where we did
decide when we were building out this
platform and then it turned into an
agent that not everything needed to be
gated. Some of this is still, you know,
folks have multiple people on their
teams that are part of, you know, our
our customers, our sponsor teams. They
have agencies, they have folks who are
CEOs. They're not going to want to log
into something like this. And so, we
purposefully only gated things that
required, you know, data entry, hotel,
you know,
things like the registration codes you
can't do. You can't submit anything
until you log in.
Keeps it a little bit more secure, but
you can go to saastrsponsors.com and see
what it looks like for yourself.
The other thing you can do to Jason's
point, if you do make something like
this for yourself, is you can actually
give this URL to your your vibe coding
agent and say, "Hey, this is one I saw
that I liked or I like this format. If
you're If you're going to do something
similar that's like a
customer portal or customer management
tool or whatever, just at the very
start. You can actually give it URLs
like this cuz it can pretty much copy
it.
So, you can use it as kind of like a
format, too. So, feel free to use it as
a format. So,
let me go full screen for a bit now and
then we'll jump around between
the live front end of QB, which is
saastrsponsors.com.
There's some other things, too, I'll
show you
that are not just contained in the
website, and then the back end, which in
this case lives on Replit, but
we go slideshow. All right, great.
All right, so
yeah, something Jason touched on was
really important is QB did not start
this way. That was not his name. He
didn't start this way. He was just meant
to be a custom basically project
management tool that I wanted to use
with vibe coding in this day and age
to replace an existing tool we literally
paid for for the last 2 years that had
no AI functionality at all. It had no AI
functionality, nothing agentic. It was
very much just a portal. It was just
like a customer portal. People could log
in and submit us things, which they can
still do now, but you'll see the key
differences in a moment of, you know,
why it was worth putting all this extra
effort into vibe coding and putting
making it so much more agentic and
hooking it up to different things. And
so,
you'll see that in a second, but that's,
you know, that's really what it started
as was we took something that wasn't
working that great, didn't see any vast
improvements on, was kind of hard for
both us and our customers to use. And
so, you know, having vibe coded a few
different other apps already, we
thought, you know, we could probably
make something better.
But it did evolve from there, right? So,
I say that as a if you see everything
that QB does now, that he didn't start
that way and we built him in January.
So, he's had almost three full months
now. I add things to him all the time,
every week. Sometimes it was daily for a
while in the beginning just as folks
were starting to use it in production.
And so, he didn't start this way. He
didn't start fully agentic. That was
actually not even my end goal. I didn't
even think about that. I just wanted
something better to replace something we
were using that wasn't all that great
and was kind of causing some friction.
And I thought we could save time by
doing this.
I didn't realize till after the fact how
much time it would save us, how evolved
QB could get with our customers, how
much of a better experience it would be
not only for us, but for them.
And so, yeah, that was kind of some of
the downstream effects I
really did not engineer in the beginning
on purpose.
That was more a because it was agentic
and built as a native AI platform, we
could do different things with it. And
so, it just evolved from there.
So, yeah, it really began as just a
simple, you know, let me just vibe code
a project management tool. I want to be
able to, you know, my initial spec was
let me just be able to assign people's
tasks, you know, we're going to need
some single sign-on.
We're going to need to make sure it has
some light automations so that people
can, you know, get reminders, know what
their next task is. Basically, so that
they have a guide for their success at
SaaStr as a customer  sponsor of
ours.
So, when we deployed QB into production
back in Jan,
that's all he did, right? So, I'll
preface that. Like, even if you're
playing around with him now, if you're
looking at saastrsponsors.com while I'm
chatting, like
you're not going to see the full magic
of it cuz you're not a customer or
you're not logged in. And I'll show you
some of those things in these slides.
But, that's all he did for a couple
weeks and that was fine, right? That was
absolutely fine. I was like, you know
what? This is already better than what
we were using previously, which was like
a SaaS tool we were paying for.
This is already better than what it was
and so I was happy with that. But, then
I realized he could do a lot more. So,
a couple weeks ago I basically had a
moment where, you know, for years, and
I'm sure you guys do this too,
or many of you probably still do this
now.
I started doing I started to write my
weekly sponsor email, right? I was like,
okay, it's Sunday. I usually send this
on Sunday night or Monday so people have
it before they get too busy. Of, you
know, as a customer of ours, what is
basically their task or deliverables,
what are high-level things they know,
like we launched the agenda or like
attendance is 140% of last year. Like, I
include some context at the beginning,
but then it's pretty much like a laundry
list of the things they
should be doing, need to be doing, doing
upcoming, and then just various
information, right? About being a
customer of SaaStr's and what would make
them successful as a sponsor of SaaStr
Annual in particular this year. You
know, how to register their team, how
they can do customer passes, how they
can market their presence at the show,
booth locations, all that kind of like
periphery stuff. So, that was all built
into the initial spec, which I'll show
you again in one of the slides.
But, once we actually And this is I
think key for folks to remember before
we get into how we do it and reverse
engineer it is, again, it didn't start
this way and it definitely stair-stepped
it once we deployed to production. I
think a lot of of what we see is people
buy good apps and they never get to
production or they get to production
with
10 people or just their internal teams,
right? Like, our AIVP marketing is just
for our internal teams.
And so, it's a lot it's built out a lot
different cuz it never needed to be
forward-facing.
I think one of the things we unlocked
here was like, once we went to
production with our actual users, actual
customers, and they started adding more
people on their team, we That's when I
was like, oh, we can do a heck of a lot
more with QB since he actually is he has
agenda capabilities we just haven't
built into him yet cuz that wasn't his
original spec, but we could do it,
right? Now that I see people are
actually using it. Now that we see how
they're using it. Like, we started to
see, okay, who's logging in, who's not
logging in. What are they doing at
certain times a day? What are they not
doing?
We just didn't have that level of
granularity before, right? Like, we
would just have
whatever they submitted to us. That was
literally it. Like, our old portal
didn't even tell us if they logged in or
not. Like, it was so hard to use. We had
no insights on anything.
And it was also one of those things
where if one person on the team of a
customer of ours submitted something,
like if I submitted something, Jason
couldn't see it. Like, it would it
wasn't persistent. It had a lot of flaws
in it. And so, we just never had a lot
of visibility into what our actual
customers were doing until we had QB
because we built it in a way,
you know, we use Clerk in this instance.
You can use other things, but between
how we did single sign-on and how we
built it into our Revive coded app, we
got a whole lot more granular visibility
on what people were actually doing and
then again what they weren't doing.
>> Maybe Amelia, just to help folks to on
the screen, this chart on the side, this
task completion. Yeah. Amelia will go
more into this, but to simplify this,
this is basically a sophisticated
onboard automation, okay? There are and
and this may be more complicated than
some of your onboarding or less,
depending on on what you're doing, but
there's a lot to do, but there's
essentially 13 core tasks with subtasks
that each customer sponsor has to do.
And you can see, rather than hoping that
a human does it or an agency or a third
party, QB just does it, manages it,
reaches out to them, tells them all the
deficits, kindly reminds them,
identifies the gaps, uses AI to anal-
analyze all the uploads to make sure
they're the assets
and data that we need, manages it each
day, and then pushes a Slack update and
an email update every single day with
the gaps. So, it follows up, it manages
it, does it all for us.
And this
I If you have the world's perfect group
of humans and they do every task they're
supposed to do every single day and they
update your task management tool and
it's all there, I guess I guess that
would be as good as this, but we could
never find a core of humans that wanted
to do these hundreds and hundreds of
onboarding management every day,
especially because for us, our
customers, our sponsors,
a lot of times they don't want to do the
work, right? And that's why you see it
and this is why it's so clever.
A lot you know, a lot of the onboarding
work customers don't want to do. They
get busy. They they they they they don't
know why they have to do it versus you
do it and QB just manages it all without
judging or drama every single day to
completion so that these progress meters
all get there. And it's fabulous. And
this is Amelia would throw it, but if
you think about, hey,
do I have any gaps like this either on
my onboarding or post-launch to manage
the customers after? And one of the
reasons QB really means two things, but
one of it is like a QBR, but a QBR every
day. Instead of maybe someone does it
once a quarter, QB's checking in as
often as the customers can take it every
single day to make sure things happen.
So, think about could you use an agentic
product to make your onboarding better?
So, everything happens and everyone's
touched. And can you make
post-onboarding more successful? That's
what QB really does for for us for
context. And that's what you see
summarized
in QB itself here. And Amelia will show
you more of it. Yep.
Yeah, so it was kind of you know, it was
a big unlock for us to see like
something like this one we previously
didn't have this level of insight into,
right? Of okay, at a glance this is my
admin view, right? And this is in the
email that our whole team gets. So, like
Jason sees this, David on our team sees
this, our production team can see this.
Okay, these are where folks are at. And
you know, for some of these people I'm
like, okay, I just you know, some of our
diamond sponsors, I get it they have
they have agencies they're working with.
They're getting the agencies, you know,
logged into the platform at the time I
took the screenshot and so they were
like a little bit behind. But, again, I
still think it's good to keep them
honest, right? Like, usually our
top-tier sponsors always also have more
deliverables than others. So, it was
important to see that, but this is
something again we previously couldn't
get this level of insight. But, then the
the big unlock was automating this
insight, right? So, to Jason's point,
making sure that these folks would get
the emails as often as they kind of
wanted or we thought they needed hit
this point is
to get their things done and also be
successful, right? Like, the whole point
is to help them deploy at SaaStr
in a in a timely way that that helps
them
hopefully do it with like less stress.
So, for us, you know, this is
this is what it's become now for QB. And
then to Jason's point, I I I went back
and looked for this time last year
because we did SaaStr Annual in May of
last year, basically around the same
dates and weeks. I looked at the amount
of human hours and inputs and the amount
of emails we sent last year for, you
know, the first quarter basically, so
January through
March 31st yesterday. And the same
first, you know, Q1 of 2025.
And it was dramatic the amount of hours
we reduced not only internally, but also
with our agencies and production teams.
So, that's, you know, for kind of a 3x
multiplier there of how much human hours
was needed. It was dramatic, right?
Like, basically across the board, I saw
something like a 70% decrease of
literally billable hours. Like, these
are again, these are agencies and
production teams we work with. You may
have something equivalent with, you
know, CSMs or internal teams. You may do
that internally just to make it more,
you know,
comparable for some of the folks on this
call. But, again, that's a huge
difference. Like,
it's huge 70 It's a lot. I'm like,
that's
literally thousands upon thousands of
dollars each month for the last three
months. And it compounded, right?
Because January, maybe folks aren't as
caring about their SaaStr Annual
sponsorship that's in May. You've got to
think just naturally in February, March
more people cared about what was going
on with their SaaStr Annual sponsorship
in May because it was coming up. And you
might have a similar where, you know,
maybe getting them deployed is a little
bit slow at the start, but they've got a
big launch or something or you've got a
big release coming up where you want to
push them to sort of get to a finish
line, right? And so, that was super
important for us to see that so
dramatically, just such a huge dip. I'm
like, okay, if you if if you either
weighed out the cost of us building QB
versus the amount we save, it's not even
comparable. It's like apples to oranges.
You know, I know people sometimes drag
on all these live cutting apps take
money and all that. I'm like, yeah, but
it's a couple bucks, you know? It's
probably we spent I don't know how much
now on QB, maybe you couple thousand,
but we've saved tens of thousands of
dollars on human input hours. And so,
you do come out ahead in the long run.
But, not only that, I don't even need
look at it a pure cost basis, but just
from our team's perspective of how much
we've needed to input with folks has
decreased alongside the amount of like
physical hours it took. And so, for us
that's like a big jump in how we were
operating with our customers in the
past. I should have written more about
this and I want to keep going, but on
cost I cuz I got I got this in the chat.
I get a lot What how much
this cost, right? Compared to what we
pay for Replit or other platforms. I put
I don't know what the AI costs are on
QB, but I put a total $200 a month cap
on all token usage across these apps. We
can afford more, but I just wanted to
not worry about it, right? That's That's
the allowance. This is for Saster.ai,
the pitch deck uploader, valuation
calculator.
It can It can All the apps we've built
for all times 10k QB, and we haven't hit
the $200 a month cap on AI use yet.
So, yeah, this isn't We can talk about
it more in a There are certainly
applications that will burn lots of
tokens, you know, massive coding
sessions. And And And But within these
apps, within all the apps we've built,
we have not hit $200 a month of tokens.
So, just realize
for many use cases like this, the soft
costs are material. You've got to build
it, you've got to maintain it. Maybe
we'll touch on this or do a session.
We're going to do another one on what it
takes to maintain these apps. But your
hard costs are probably going to be
pretty low for 95% of these apps.
Yep.
And there's some good questions in the
chat I'm going to get to next.
But I just wanted to, you know, preface
of Again, I think I I see some good
comments in chatter in the chat.
Of, you know, thinking about this as an
unlock for Again, it's going to cost you
more at the start to build it with
anything like a Replit level over cell
V0, of course, cuz you're spending more
time with the agent. But I'll actually
show you a couple things where
you could probably get it down.
Things like giving it a website like
ours actually super helpful for your
agent. If you just give it a spec and
know, "Hey, I actually the design style
of this website or I like some of this
functionality." And the more time you
build I'll get into it and I feel like
the more time you build out that spec to
be as granular as possible, actually the
better your agent will be and it will
keep your costs down cuz then you don't
have to keep iterating with it. But
that's just a little bit aside. Okay, so
I'll show you a couple more things and
then I'll show you how we how you can
reverse engineer it. So,
this is also another good example,
right, of how QB actually went from
customer  project management
tool, a little bit of both, to fully
agentic. So, back in the day I put a
little then and now on the screen here,
but back in the day, right, again,
static, no single sign-on, no way we
could really track anything in any sort
of not not even a dashboard, not even
analytics, nothing, right? Just kind of
hope for the best.
Um so, minimal reporting, required a lot
of manual human hours as you saw that we
had to supplement either with ourselves
or with our, you know,
outside third-parties, which cost, you
know,
significant sum of monies. And then when
we email This is the important thing,
too. When we email folks of what to do,
for the last 8 years I've been at
Saster, it was always newsletter style,
even for customers, right? Even for
diamonds sometimes, which now I would
never do. But the like the set of
information, again, not individualized,
not customized.
Due to either lack of time, cuz things
got really busy at Saster, or or lack of
want, and I think this is important,
too, cuz Jason put this in the article.
Like I tried to get more of our agencies
in years past to do something that QB
has done now, which is, "Why don't you
take every single customer of ours
that's a sponsor,
email them, you know, their registration
codes? Every Every sponsor has a set of
at least four registration codes." So,
they already didn't want to do that.
Why don't you also, you know, give them
a little update about where they're at
in either, you know, if they still need
to pick their booth or not, where are
they at in the queue, if they haven't
logged in yet, can we see that, you
know? We would try to basically finagle
the data, which nobody wanted to do
because it wasn't all in one spot. So, I
literally just couldn't find
I couldn't find people to do this. I
literally tried. I could not find people
who were like, "Okay, I can sit down.
You have a hundred sponsors. I got four
links per sponsor. That's 400 links. I
got to go and find. Then I got to see if
I can figure out if they've been invited
to the portal or not sort of manually. I
can't really see if they've logged in
unless they submitted something. That's
really the only way to tell."
And they didn't want to do it. So, like
in years past I've had kind of hit or
miss on folks actually doing this with
our customers.
And when it did happen, I would say it
only happened maybe once, and it took
that person a week.
QB in the screenshot on the right,
you'll see sent all my sponsor emails
for the week individualized, highly
personalized, highly customized
in minutes. Literally, you can see these
are all at 11:11, 11:12. And you know,
he's got to
go to resend and and send these.
But that aside, QB was done with this in
10 minutes. 100 people got a highly
customized, personalized email saying
exactly what they needed to do, exactly
where they are. Unique sponsor and like
updates. Like we have people who don't
do booths at Saster. They do things like
lounges. They have custom deliverables
or they have extra signage cuz they're
on like the lanyards. They got all that.
I They didn't have to go look for
I didn't have to have a human go look
for it or forget that they were the
lanyard sponsor. QB just remembers all
this, and he remembers everything about
every customer of ours, every like
little niche thing that they have going
on. He just remembers all this, and he
does it instantly. So,
again, just a huge unlock here that it's
now, you know,
so personalized to the to the degree
that our engage I put in a previous
slide here, but like our engagement to
to our users, to our customers, has gone
up more than tenfold. Like we couldn't
get people to really log in to the one
last time, and to some degree I was
like, "You know what? It's fine. Like
we'll just send them their registration
codes. They can just upload They can
just email us their booth graphics."
That's how people were doing it last
year.
Now I have outside of the screenshot you
saw, I have basically everybody but
three people have logged in.
That's a dramatic uplift in how people
are also like interacting with us.
And how
they don't mind that it's an AI. I don't
even know if they realized until this
webinar that most of it was an AI and
not us. I think a lot of people thought
it was me and David. They're like,
"Because we're copied on QB on the
things that QB does." They're like, "Oh,
hey Or they'd be like, "Hey, Saster
team." I'm like, "Yeah, you're just
talking to QB right now, but that's
okay."
I think you hit something that I didn't
fully realize till you said it, this
unlock, which is Think about it on the
other side when you're when you're when
you're buying a product, right? And then
some
some vendor sends you some another
product you've got to log into
and train and set up. Like you just
don't want to do it, you know? And the
fact that QB
has epically higher compliance means
even if it wasn't better than the
off-the-shelf software per se, it would
be worth it alone because it removes
We've been able to build it You've been
able to build it in such a way it
removes all that friction, right? It's
not another, you know, you When someone
Like I was asked the other day by one of
our partners to log into Asana and set a
bunch of stuff up for them. I'm not
going to do that. I pay you five figures
a year, and you want me to create
another Asana account and upload stuff
for you, and then use some weird,
you know, Octa account to log into your
Asana Like for I'm paying you.
Right? And so, so many of these
post-sales products, post-sales motions
put too much of a burden on the
customer. So, no one just does it. Like
we No one Forget about one, the humans
wouldn't do the work prior to to QB,
right? But the software we use, people
didn't want to use, either.
Right? They didn't want to use it. So,
that's a line another reason to to do an
to vibrate yourself is that people just
won't use the
the the now mediocre software
because you're you're putting you're
asking too much of the customer. You're
not making their lives easier, right?
You're making their lives harder after
they give you money.
Yep.
Okay, so this is a This is just a quick
example of one of those emails I was
just prefacing, but, you know, the
screenshot before is basically QB doing
this all in a matter of minutes.
And then here you can see the before and
after, right? So, here is what we used
to send people, again,
and this is literally I took this
screenshot from March 3rd, 2025. This is
just a year ago. We are sending it
newsletter style. You can see it here.
Here's
a generic link to our portal, which most
people didn't bother to log into.
Here's a link to We do also a weekly
webinar just for sponsors that I linked
folks to. You know, booth selection is
kind of dated here.
It says it's started. We'll email you
once the window opens. I'm like, "Now
everyone's picked their booth."
Activations. This is a huge pain in our
butt that we've been able to automate
with QB
separately.
Things like travel schedule, all that
stuff. So, again, very generic, too. If
you go to the one on the right, and I
picked one of I said I picked TikTok,
who's a newer sponsor of ours.
They've They've I should say they
sponsored in the past or they're they're
newer signing on to Saster Annual
specifically.
But they got everything done in like a
day. And again, this is something where
TikTok specifically, last time they did
London, was very slow to submit stuff.
Big company, right? Like slow to submit
stuff. We couldn't get them to really
turn anything on time. I remember going
to London being like, "TikTok stuff is
not done. Like why I don't have logos. I
got nothing." And so, even this is a
dramatic increase of TikTok went from
being kind of a pain in the butt sponsor
cuz I couldn't get them to do anything
to they literally uploaded everything
almost everything. You can see they did
They skipped two. They still have to do
two more things.
But they did almost everything in a day.
Again, just make made it so much easier
for them.
This is, you know, screenshots of their
email. They can see exactly what they've
already completed, the last two things
they have to do. Their ticket codes are
in here specifically. That's not in the
newsletter style. They click this, it
goes to their their TikTok specific
registration codes. It goes to their
TikTok specific discount code. Again,
just things we couldn't do.
All right, so I'm going to get into how
we deployed it cuz I see you all asking
about that in the chat. So,
if you want to
reverse engineer QB and make your own
and deploy your own similar agent,
here's what you should do. So,
let me back out of full screen for a
second. The And if you're wondering, the
slides I did put kind of in the chat.
closer to the beginning, but they are
there. So, I see you guys here, but
Yeah, once you access it, first write a
spec. So, you can see here I actually
put two things. I put my original spec,
which is the one on the right. It's
actually not that good. I looked at this
the other day and I was like it's
terrible.
So, but it's still a good example. So,
if you've never written a spec for a
vibe coded app, this is still a good
basic level example, I would say, of how
to write a spec for your vibe coded app.
Basically, tell it everything you want,
right? So, when I was going to build QB
as a portal, I thought, I was like,
okay, he needs some user flows, he needs
a dashboard for me, he needs a checklist
for all of our customers, he needs to be
a hub for everybody, right? All the
information they need. So, for us it's
logistics, details,
any speaker sessions, etc.
He needs like an asset library, right?
He needs some sort of training, he needs
to be able to have uploads, single
sign-on,
everything in their contract, you know,
QB should know so that he's never Okay,
I'm going to send
He I what I didn't want is we have some
sponsors that have speaking sessions and
some that don't. I didn't want him to
send, you know, somebody who didn't an
email saying, "Hey, time to submit your
speakers."
That would suck cuz then that person
would be like, "Oh, great, you're giving
me a free speaking session."
No.
As much as I would love to, we don't
have that much time at Saster. So, there
was some very important nuances there
and I'll show you how I did it. I did
not load those contracts directly into
the portal. Say that right now, okay?
Not load your customer data directly
into the portal. I'll show you how I
agent hop later, okay? For a security
layer, but just a preface there.
Things like badges that you just saw,
registration, FAQs, support information,
they can actually do add-on orders.
Anyways, you can see everything I wrote
here into it, the technical
requirements, blah blah blah blah blah.
You don't need a database, it needs
single sign-on, we use Clerk.
MVP and future phases and then all this
Okay. So, that was
That was V1 of my spec. There's a link,
you can see it. If that looks
intimidating, if you don't [snorts] know
how to write a spec like that, it's
okay. Just start in Claude, don't start
in Applit or Lovable, and just say, "I
need help writing a spec for a sponsor
portal." And it will help you do it
together. You can do it in the vibe
coding apps, but we both have found you
get a double benefit if you write it in
Claude and then get a spec out of it and
then put that in the agent and then kind
of tweak it again, right? That's how we
like to do it, but you don't have to
know how to do all the bullets and
everything that Amelia said. Just it
just iterate it, right? And you don't
need And and to be clear, if folks
haven't done this themselves or they
haven't done it well, in 2026, you don't
need to be a prompt engineer.
Like, you don't need to know That is
dated when you need to be a prompt
engineer, okay? You just need to talk
with Claude or or I guess Chat GPT, we
prefer Claude, and just say, "I want to
build a spec for an application. Here's
what I want it to do." And write up all
the things you want it to do and just
iterate it. You don't need a prompt
magician. The the the agents are so
good. AI is so good. That that that's
dated. Iterate it, make sure you
understand everything that is in it and
then give it to your vibe coding app and
let it run with it.
Yeah. Amelia, go through it. But yeah,
it's not
This is You do not need to be an
engineer or some prompt wizard in 2026.
Those days are long behind us.
And again, that was my simple one. That
was the one I started with. Um
If you're intimidated by it, then just
use that one, right? If you're like,
"Okay, I'm just going to try to recreate
Amelia's first original thing." That's
fine. And that's my And the thing is,
too, you can give it other people's You
could say, "Hey, this is the one that
Saster did." You could say, "Hey, this
is the one that Saster did. Here's the
prompt that they used. Here's the
website that it ultimately ended up as,
give it to sastersponsors.com." You will
save yourself a ton of time from the
work I already did. So,
do that, too. But second, here's my I
asked QB this week, right?
To give me what it would consider the
spec now, and you can see it's a heck of
a lot longer.
It's got a lot more to the tech stack
cuz we added some agent hopping stuff.
It's got some more theming and design.
It's got some more nuance, basically,
right? Cuz like I said, as we started
using it, we saw that we could use it as
more of an agent and less of a
straight-up portal. So, you can see it
There was literally nothing about emails
in that original spec. Now it has like a
whole schema for emails and email blasts
and how it's going to route things to
people,
public faces versus, you know, not
public faces.
Ta- Like, the task lists are more built
out. So, if cost is one of your
concerns, I would say you want to get
your spec closer to this one than my
original one because again, benefits of
doing this in Claude versus doing it in
agent, at the end of the day it's still
going to be a little cheaper to write
this with Claude or Chat GPT,
more fully baked out for you than it is
to put it into any of, you know, the
major vibe coding apps directly into the
agent. So,
you guys can probably use this. It's
linked in the
It's linked in the slides, so you guys
you can use it.
Again, if you
want to use it to your benefit. So,
All right. So, first things first, write
a spec again. The more granular you can
get, the better, but this is not how my
spec started. So, if you don't get it
all perfect, it's fine. The bigger thing
here is to get it into production. That
is really the goal. Just getting into
production. Specs aside, but specs do
help.
Two, right? Okay. So, for us we took our
fav- We took our spec, we loaded it into
our fav- vibe coding platform. Again,
you can use Replit, Lovable, Verse, LV0,
any of them. They're all also going to
be at Saster.
So, you can talk to them there, too, and
they will show you how to do it. If this
intimidates you, they're going to all be
there in May. It's only 5 weeks away.
So, you can also just do a follow-up
there with them. Just go to their booth.
But what you're going to do next is
you're going to give the agent in your
vibe coding platform
the spec. You know, you can give it some
high-level design. El- Again, I gave it
a website I already liked that we
already had when I first gave it to the
Replit agent in this case and I said,
"Here's my spec. Here's my kind of like
websites that we already have going on
cuz I like the design, I like the look
and feel. Here's some other I saw other
people's like customer knowledge bases
that were really good. I was like, these
are the ones that I want to copy." And
so, give me hit me with your best shot.
And QB does not look the way he does
today, but he looks pretty good. And so,
the first thing I did, and this took the
longest amount of time, is I had to test
literally every single function.
Everything. Sign-in, upload your logo,
you can see here.
Submit your address. I tested all of
these one by one to make sure that
before I sent it to our first customer,
it wasn't going to break cuz my biggest
fear when I was rolling this out was,
this all seems really fine and dandy,
but what if it breaks? If it doesn't
actually get into production and people
can't actually submit to us the
information they need or get information
back from us, agent or not, then what is
the point, right? It's got to actually
freaking work in production. And so, I
tested everything
one by one, basic or not,
using AI or not, I tested every single
input and output in QB.
Some folks are asking in the chat, could
you see QB in action? Just go to
sastersponsors.com. You could see it.
Now, you won't be able to log in, but
you could see what he's doing.
>> [snorts]
>> Then we had to hook up email
capabilities, right? And like, at the
time I was like, I'm just going to hook
up email so I get an email. Then
obviously we realized he could email
everybody personalized.
You know, create a database. Most vibe
coding apps do that by default.
Sometimes you just need to make sure you
make one.
You know, port over any content, any
knowledge you want. Again, this is a big
thing. Sometimes you can crawl your
website if you need to, move some, you
know, if you've got FAQs lying around
that's just like a Google Sheet, right?
It's fine. Just give it all give it all
to the agent.
Except, you know, sensitive data. Don't
give that to the agent. Give everything
else to the agent that's not going to be
sensitive.
But yeah, I literally tested everything.
And then this agent hopping I've I've
I've said a couple times is for
sensitive data,
never give it to your agent directly.
Never ever ever.
Like, I did not Again, this is a We call
him QB now cuz he does real-time QBRs,
but
at the very beginning when I wanted him
to know all the contracts, all the
customers,
who was going to need access to the
portal, I just did a
as closed one with the contacts when
they close. So, why am I going to have
to reinvent the wheel if I just do a
custom
I forget what it's called. It's in here
somewhere.
I just did a custom Salesforce
integration, too. Then QB directly does
not have that data. He has to call up
Salesforce. So,
he doesn't have, you know, 100 contracts
just sitting in his knowledge base,
which
would be scarier. So, I definitely agent
hopped his
his original his original customer
database and ongoing database is mostly
in Salesforce. And then, in terms of
like specific users and people who folks
add, again, we use Clerk for single
sign-on, so all that lives in Clerk. He
doesn't have that directly.
To the point where sometimes he forgets
who's in Clerk. Or, actually, he doesn't
forget who's in Clerk. He just does this
annoying thing, which is super nuance,
which he sometimes will not send it to
people that are pending
the thing in single sign-on. He'll be
like, "I'll send it to Jason and Amelia
cuz they logged in as part of the
Salesforce team, but I won't send it to
Justin cuz he hasn't logged in yet." And
I'm like, "No, no, no. You need to send
it to everybody." But anyways, that's
how I agent hop. There's other things
like, you know, all the registration
links,
that's from Mizuho. So, he doesn't have
that information directly, either. So,
I think the agents
We tried it We use Salesforce as our hub
for all our agents. We've talked about
it. And so, the there is a there is
inherently an additional layer of
security by having that be our system of
record. It's not perfect. The agents are
still going to touch the data, right?
It It's beyond the scope of this. I I
think that if you need to store
sensitive information in your app, it's
it's okay. Just realize the more you do,
the higher the burden it on it's going
to be on you to become a security
expert,
Right? Which you don't want to do.
You're going to instead of testing
things once or twice, you're going to
need to do constant security audits,
constant reviews, try to break things,
and we can do a different session on
what we've learned there.
I just don't think most folks want to
become security experts. So, to the
extent you can, if you have your most
sensitive data, like for us, we just
don't want contracts leaked. Right? We
just don't. It would it be the complete
end of the world? No, but it'd be it'd
be bad, right? So, we store them in
Salesforce, right? Instead of the agent.
I think that's a good practice. But, if
your use case that doesn't work, I
wouldn't say don't do it. Just realize
you're going to have to spend a lot more
time
than just using the default way the app
is built. You should budget hours and
ongoing maintenance to making sure your
app is secure as you can make it.
But, I wouldn't say you have to do this
agent hopping, but I think it's a great
best practice.
Yeah, it's a
It's I know it's a it's a new term.
I don't think I coined it, but I don't
know. I just call it agent hopping. I'm
just It's and it's not again, it's not
that it's anything magical or that I'm
in this case I'm not even calling a
Bayesian force, which I think some
people thought from the name I was
calling a Bayesian force. No, I'm just
hopping data with all my different AI
tools, agents, whatever you want to call
them.
Again, so it's more secure in that
nothing is ever in one spot.
And then we do you know, we have Zapier
keys that are secretly stored, other API
keys that are stored that Again, we just
load different sets of data and things
from
other tools that are that are more
compliant and more secure
than the built-in agents. So.
Okay, so that's just one through to
number three and only go through the
three of it. Just pick how you want to
deploy logins, right? If it's something
like this where you you're going to have
customers logging in,
listen, it was a pain in the butt to do
this and candidly
I think it's a lot easier now. I know it
for a fact it's easier in
lovable and and BZRO cuz they have it
built in.
But, yeah, just decide how you want your
single sign-on system of record and
decide how you want that data to get
there, right? Maybe don't load it all
in one spot. Again, I hop I segment our
data a lot so that it's always hopping
between different things to call you
know, it's got to call all these
different APIs to figure out the full
picture. So, hopefully that's more
secure. Knock on freaking wood.
than most things.
All right.
Again, I've touched on this, but maybe
more importantly here.
What the biggest thing on a on a on a
Vibe Coded app like QB is to deploy him.
So, at I just deployed him to a few
folks at first. I basically picked one
customer to each of our levels and I
said, "Okay, I'm going to deploy to
them. I'm going to see what breaks, what
doesn't." And definitely stuff broke.
Definitely some stuff didn't work.
Like I learned in the first week that,
you know, we had a I think it was a gold
sponsor was submitting some tasks and
they're like, "It's not really working.
I'm getting this weird error." I was
like, "Okay,
send me a screenshot." Cuz
apparently as QB's master, I also have
to do all the troubles.
I was like, "Dang, downsides of this is
I can't just send it to someone and say,
'Hey, fix this.'" I was like, "Oh, it's
me fixing it." But, I was like, "Send me
a screenshot." I loaded it into the
agent and I was like, "Hey, what
happened? Why is this like why is this
person getting this error
before we roll it out to everybody?" And
they go, "Oh, it's cuz you did not build
in a timeout. So, because this person
was like they logged in the first time
and it just never timed out their login.
They were just logged in for like 5 days
at a time. When they went to go actually
upload something, it broke because it
basically timed out. Like it didn't
reauthenticate them." And I was like,
"Oh,
again, not something I thought of.
I'm not perfect to Vibe Coded, I guess.
Not something I thought of. And so, once
I figured that out with the agent, we
built in a I think it's like 15-minute
timeout now so that, you know, you sign
in to sponsors. If you don't do anything
for 15 minutes, it'll boot you. So that
every time you log back in, you're
reauthenticated, then you can upload
stuff. Again, things I learned from it
actually being in deployment with
people, not things
I I didn't even test for that. I was
like, "I don't know." Because I was
testing every task all at once when I
was logged in. Again, not something I
came across.
And so, that was really important to see
what did and didn't break. And then also
to see what people wanted to add to it.
Every week we got like new requests for
"Hey, do you guys have email marketing
company I can use? Do you have, you
know,
I don't actually people Stuff like that,
right? They were like, "Do you have more
information on networking?" That's
always a big question we get. So, we
made a whole section for networking in
QB. Like we just kept adding to it. And
adding to it. And then people were like,
"Oh,
I want to just submit my activations to
QB and not email you like I used to have
to." So, then we built a whole
submissions and then we built a whole
speaker submissions path where for those
sponsors who had speaking specifically,
you had a whole section of Saster
sponsor speakers and it would give you
exactly what you needed to submit all of
our speaker guidelines. But, also, and
this was magical, it would let you pick
a time, which I know sounds really
basic, but
QB would let you pick a time when you
were submitting your speakers. And then
when he saw that there was like three or
four speakers at one given time, he
would gray it out. So, he'd say, "Okay,
listen, all the sponsors are going to
submit this task on the same day when it
opens cuz they all want to speak on
Wednesday. They all did, okay? And so,
QB would say, "All right, I've already
had four people submit in the 9:00 and
10:00 slot. I'm going to gray that out."
So that the next fifth person who does
that can't pick 9:00 and 10:00 cuz it's
already going to be full. So, again,
things we had to do in an email back and
forth that cost a lot of time that QB
just did agentically cuz he's built that
way.
So, we added again, how QB is now is not
how he was and he won't be that way in a
week. Like now that we're getting closer
to Saster, I've gotten more of these
requests in the last week for even
Here's the thing. Now people want even
more out of him. They're like, "Okay,
can you add this? Can you add that?" And
I'm like,
"We're so busy right now." But, yes, I
will add all these other features and
functionalities to QB because I'm glad
that you guys are using it again a lot
more than you used to. So.
All right, number five. Again, if you're
going to reverse engineer something like
this or build something like this for
yourself with the Vibe Coded app is
again, understand where you can leverage
the data you're going to get out of this
to be more agentic. That's basically how
we turned QB from a gen
somewhat generic
customer success portal  project
management tool into
an agent. Like he still does those
things. He is still a project management
tool. He's still a customer management
tool. But, he's also more of an agent
now, right? But, again, he didn't start
that way. He didn't get that way.
You know, it's it's understanding where
you can leverage things like this that
are built this way, that has different
APIs that you can have for yourself to
say, "Okay, how can we get him to do
things automatically? Even if you don't
want to say agentic, just automatically,
right? Like in this day and age, again,
are you doing things like sending unique
links to people when you're onboarding
them? Or or do you send them custom kind
of things throughout the day? If you're
like, 'Hey, I saw you're not using this
feature that we just rolled out. Here's
some tips on that.'"
Let the agent do it. Are you sending
reminders work Are you not sending
reminders and workflows that you want to
be when they log in or do do or don't do
certain things in your SaaS tool? Let
the agent do it.
Are your SaaS systems
or aren't they checking in regularly
with people? Cuz guess what? QB can do
it as many times as they  you
want.
As Jason said earlier, that is
one of the most magical things is he
will do whenever you want it to do. Or
you can let them pick right. Like, "Hey,
how often do you want an update?" And
then maybe you just force
force some emails or updates or however
they want it.
If they have things to do,
I
Honestly, QB this week has started doing
things like collections.
I was like, "Yo, you need to get on this
cuz our humans
are really slow and Saster's coming up."
There's other things you can build into
it. But, again, if you see something's
not getting done regularly,
the agent will just do it, man. Like it
will do it without question. It will do
it very quickly. And it will do it for
all your customers at scale. You know,
we did this for 100 people. You could
easily do it for 1,000, 10,000 easily.
Like
maybe you need multiple agents to do it
or
multiple QBs, but it can do it, right?
I think too how we evolved QB into the
name was yeah, a little bit of of the
play on the QBR, but
QBRs have always pissed me off as a hey
customer. Because like why am I waiting
once a quarter for super generic stats?
You're not telling me anything in real
time. Everything in a QBR has already
happened.
Whereas QB the agent is in real time. It
is what's happening now. It is not
waiting for a magical quarter of a
window to pass before I give you any
sort of freaking insights. He is now. He
is real time. He is live. He has access.
He has all the data. Wouldn't you want
that? Instantaneous versus once a
quarter before you know this customer is
going to maybe churn from you cuz you
don't know.
I don't know. I feel like there's a lot
of power in that of, you know, again, we
we were guilty of this too. Like last
year we waited till after Saster annual
to check in on some things. And now QB
can just do that before the event.
He's just a lot more proactive. And so,
again, it's not where we intended him,
but that's kind of where he is now.
And I think that's really powerful to
see with our our customers, but it's I'm
surely powerful for your customers, too.
Okay.
Agent hopping, I talked a little bit
about more here. But, yeah, you know,
again, we don't store everything in the
native Vibe Coded agent. We store things
in different tasks through the API. I I
built out a custom Salesforce connected
app. Had I done that before? No, but I
asked the agent and Claude how to do it.
I was like, "Hey, actually our
Salesforce integration kept breaking."
And I was super frustrated. Jason knows
this. I was like, "Every day this
Salesforce thing keeps breaking, and
then he forgets a bunch of stuff that I
don't want him to forget." And so
eventually I was like, "Hey, agent and
Claude,
yeah, build this so that he doesn't keep
breaking, and that he has data more
persistently." And so it led me to build
a lot of custom agent Sorry, custom
Salesforce connected app. Took me maybe
20 minutes. Wasn't that bad, and now he
doesn't break. So,
it's great. And obviously there's
there's data in there, but there's not
that much data directly in QB.
So that works really well.
Okay.
Last couple things and then we'll do any
sort of last Q&A till we run out of
time. The agentic piece I built out
again, one layer at a time. It started
as, "Okay, let's just do, you know, an
email to me on who hasn't logged in or
not, and then notify the rest of the
team." And I was like, "Oh, no, we could
do one for each sponsor." Then we
started doing one for each customer, and
they got, you know, they're getting now,
cuz they can attest to, if they're Some
of them are on this call, I saw.
As they can attest to, they get these
weekly emails from QB and that David and
I are copied on with the sponsor
production team, where it lists them out
everything they have or haven't done,
what's due,
what's upcoming.
Things like that. And so again, it just
it will just trigger certain actions. It
will also tell me when people submit
something. So this week, for instance,
all of the booth graphics were due for
everyone's booths.
Cuz it takes time to produce those
things, and again, we're only 5 weeks
away.
So it'll tell me every time somebody
submits their booth graphics, which is
great. I go through, I check them.
Actually, previously I used to just
check them myself. Now me and Claude
co-work check them with Illustrator on
my computer, which is also very nice.
That saves me a bunch of time as an
aside, but again, for our internal team,
it's just so much better visibility
for everybody. We just share this with,
you know, our production teams that need
to get like a basic report.
Folks who are new
can onboard really quickly now versus
very slow. So a lot of agentic pieces
there, but
I didn't build that all at once.
I think this is great.
One one thing just to to remind folks,
if you can build your own version of
this, hopefully that helps. We've
we've the slides are there, you've got
how we built them.
You do have to maintain these agents
daily. We say this every single time we
do it, but there is no set and forget,
right? Whether it's little Whether it's
things that will break, like the the
initial version of Salesforce
integration kept breaking, whether like
today, like it sound like 10K gave
triple updates in Slack instead of one,
which is a recurring issue, we know why
it happens,
or or there
Um you will see regressions. For
example, this If you haven't built
software today, Amelia tested every
button, every link, every upload in the
app, right? As your agent gets more
complicated, as you add features, it may
break those links and upgrades, even
though you you'd be like, "Why? I added
a totally different page. Why did it
break the upload button?" Beyond the
scope of today, these regressions will
happen. It is life. And so you need to
budget, not only just like when we
talked about our AISGRs, how you have to
review their emails every day for a long
period of time you have to do it. When
you build your own agents and your own
apps,
every day you have to check in on how
they're working, check in on their
functions. And And my hack is make sure
you have them send you an email status
update every single day.
Have them build that, because you'll see
stuff break in the email, and then
you'll realize things are broken that
you can't see. But just realize anything
that's as good as QB, it is great. It
has replaced many humans that would not
do the work. It gives us 10 times the
scale, gives us everything. And between
Amelia and me, we're checking in on it
every day.
Right? Just like your humans.
And so just realize, if you want to do
this, you what you Do you need an
agentic deployment expert, as I've
talked about before? Maybe, maybe not,
but you need a human who cares enough to
manage QB and 10K every day, or or it
will fail for you.
Yeah.
It's
Yeah, it's really I know I put some blue
word on our slides in there, but it's
really been night and day, and that's
why at the end of year I especially call
him QB1 now, because he is literally a
quarterback He is our Whatever you want
to call him. Our AI VP of customer
success, QB1, QB.
This dude is his. What I rely on now.
Like
I I can't see myself going back to how
we were doing it. I wouldn't want to.
But also I think just for the lift we've
gotten from our side of the fence, but
also as our customers and sponsors have
seen, where again, it's more tailored.
People can still talk to And again,
maybe I didn't say this enough in the
first 58 minutes. People can still talk
to us. It's not like we said, "Hey,
here's just QB, and that's it. We
weren't like we're going to drop you
totally into the AI, and if he can't
solve your problem, you're on your own."
There's a reason we're copied on every
single QB message that goes out to our
customers, because when they reply to
it, sometimes we reply. Sometimes it's
like something nuanced of Yeah, to
Jason's point today, like somebody was
like, "Hey, I submitted everything to
the portal, but it looks kind of funky."
And I was like, "Okay, well, let's go
take a look, right?"
It's not like we're dumping them solely
onto the agent to
deploy to be successful at SaaStr. It's
something where we're backfilling, we're
very supplemental. Yeah, sometimes they
do want to talk to us through ideas of
what they want to do with their booth.
Or a lot of our time in sponsors, we
have still we still do weekly calls with
them. I still do weekly webinars for all
the sponsors. I get on I was on 10
sponsor calls last week, and I'll be on
another 10 this week. We're still doing
all those things, so I do want to say
that, too. Maybe I should have said it
sooner, but it's not like we drop
everything in customer success. It's
just we're doing a heck of a lot more of
it with QB. And I feel like that's also
true just from the fact that people keep
asking us to add stuff to him, right?
It's
Okay, so it's it's not only helpful for
us, but it's become more helpful for
them, because now folks actually ask for
features and want to get more things out
of it in a way that we previously
wouldn't have been able to do and serve,
cuz we would just run out of time, or I
just couldn't find people who actually
would send
100 sponsors four unique links each week
and keep them on task, right? We just
couldn't get that done.
>> [snorts]
>> If you decide that there is a use case
where it's worth your time, and again,
it has to be above the line. It has to
be worth If you have If you can do this
all in Notion and it works great, don't
build it yourself.
Don't We can't, you know, the 90/10 rule
applies. Buy 90%, vibe 10% at most.
But if you decide to build something
like this, and you get into production,
you get it working, you invest time, the
magical thing that Amelia said, it's so
magical,
is that unlike off-the-shelf software,
when a customer asks you, "Hey, could
you do this?" Instead of saying no, or
asking your CS person if it's on the
road map for the next 24 months,
if it's not that complicated, we go into
Replit and just say build it now.
It we can ship it that day, and we're
not engineers. To say that is magical is
an understatement.
Anytime with with off-the-shelf
software, someone asks you for something
that isn't obvious how you do it in the
app, the answer has to be no,
unfortunately. We're stuck with what we
got. So it's not a reason to start
there, but if you get something pretty
good into production working,
your ability to enhance it for what your
customers want, it it it is it is
magical. That might be the biggest the
second biggest lift of all is the
ability to to to add to vibe additions,
not to vibe the 1.0, but to add things
you didn't know you could automate
before, because your eight your Replit
lovable V0 can do it in an hour. Not not
a second.
Not not And it needs some testing and
QA, but if it's important, now you can
just like anything you want that is
SaaS, you can pretty much build it for
your customers if they want it. So
it's pretty That That That might be
reason number two to do it.
Yeah.
I think too, again, we've we have
literally fought with human people who
don't want to do this either,
internally, outside agencies. You
probably fight some of your CSMs.
And external teams and like how much
coverage they've got. Again, maybe for
maybe smaller starting up, you've got
one CSM for 50 accounts. That's never
viable, right? Unless you do it with an
agent. Now I do think that's viable with
person plus agent. Then then you have
enough coverage.
Then I think again, that's something
where you don't drop it and you don't
drop them just only into an agent, but
it can alleviate a lot of tension
between you and your customers and focus
on the things that matter, like
deploying things.
When you take the friction out of it,
right? It's just the QB takes all of
that friction away, and he's going to
he's going to win every time, because
he's 24/7 automatic. Again, as often as
they want updates, he can do it.
All right. Question we got, which is, do
you tell folks it's an AI? I think
across all of our agents
>> that. we don't tell folks it's an AI,
traditionally. I'm not opposed to it. I
don't think there's anything wrong with
it. I think our folks I think Listen, we
we still Our average deal size is
$100,000. So this is still a bespoke
process. Amelia, David, even me to some
extent is involved. We're not trying to
take humans out of the loop. We're just
trying to have the AI handle the 95% of
stuff that can be automated. So right
now our customers are fine getting an
email that's a mix. They will reply back
to the human if they want the human, or
they will just do it themselves with QB.
If your deal size was 1K instead of
100K, you would want to automate all the
inbound, and we don't have a chatbot on
QB, but we have a chatbot on 10K area VP
marketing. That could be added in an
hour, so we could add a chatbot, we
could do all these different stuff. But
at 100K, people actually want a hybrid
of humans and AI, and there's there's
kind of a meta insight there, right?
People want to reach Amelia or David
instantly,
but they also enjoy the fact that for
90% of stuff they can work with an agent
that's better, right? They know, and I
think this a lot of our views are very
2025 or 2024. If the agent's really
good, people are smart. Like they
understand the benefits of an agent
versus a human real-time access to data,
and very Amelia can speak to it, but
very rarely have we seen that frustrate
anyone. They like that combination, and
they get it. They get that Well, I think
they would be frustrated if they
couldn't reach a human.
Right, they'd be mad. We all get mad
when we log into a a poorly trained AI
bot and we can't reach a human. I want
to blow my brains out, but we don't we
don't have we don't need to do that at a
100K price point.
No. [snorts] I think the thing is too if
and something I hadn't thought of till
now too is like with our very top-tier
accounts, so we're talking in a
multi-six-figure
deal here. Like more than 100K, we go to
where they want, okay? Salesforce,
no surprise, likes to work in Slack,
duh.
Look at Pexip company. They have Slack
bot. There's just so many things you can
do. And so we're like, "Great, get in
our Slack." So they're in our Slack.
You know, they have QB. They got the
automated emails. They see them. They
respond to them. They'll literally bring
them up on calls. They'll be like,
"Okay, let's go over our tasks that
we're missing." They'll feel like,
"Okay, great. I don't have to tell you.
Like QB told you."
But also we're in they're in our Slack,
which I 100% come in our Slack. The
water's warm.
That's how they want to operate. The
Google team likes to be on Google Meet
and Gemini and Google Chats. And they
also like to text me, and that's fine.
That's what they want, right? So Again,
QB is not the end-all-be-all. I should
have said it sooner, but for our very
top for our for majority of our
customers, it is night and day. And for
folks who want supplemental help, they
can email us. We respond very The thing
is too, like now we can respond so much
quicker cuz we're not bogged down with
all the little nitty-gritty stuff that
we used to have to answer ourselves. It
We can actually it frees us up to answer
the more important things when people
ask us questions.
And then yeah, again, to the point of
you know,
we still I still get on dedicated calls
with folks. I still do a weekly sponsor
webinar, and I for our top-tier
customers, I go wherever is easiest for
them. I don't presume. I don't even You
know, QB's great. I don't presume
they'll log in. You saw a couple of my
diamonds haven't logged in. That's fine.
That's okay.
If that's the way they work,
we'll figure out what works for them.
And for them, it was like
like whatever diamonds was like, "Okay,
this is great. I'm getting all the
emails, but I'm just going to reply to
you with this folder of everything." And
I was like, "That's fine. But at least
you got the emails of what you needed to
do, and I didn't have to tell you."
So I think again, there's a mix there of
of part of what we've done too is it's
this has freed us up to be a lot more
lenient on how we engage with our
customers in the way they want. Whereas
previously, I would have been like, "No
freaking way. It is all or nothing.
We're too crazy. We're stretched too
thin. We don't have the bandwidth." Like
they got to just conform to us. And now
we're going to where our customers want,
which is what you want to, right? Like
you want to go to wherever is easiest
for them. So it's freed up a lot of our
time to do that, too.
I think we hit most of it. Okay. We'll
do we'll it'll take us a little while.
We'll You can come build your own at
SaaStr Annual. The folks will will be
there from all the Vibin platforms will
be there to help you, and we'll do once
we get through SaaStr Annual, we will
collect all the data, and we'll do a
part two of this. I'll show you what
worked, what didn't, all the analytics
compared to humans. So and you'll see
where we kind of landed on all of this.
But again, I would challenge folks.
I got to say I've done a lot of
investments. I work with a lot of
high-growth B2B companies. I Very few
people do this well.
Very few people do this well. And when I
meet a a leader, especially chief VP of
customer success, they tell me
everything is perfect. They're always
gone in 6 months. 100% of the time. They
don't do this well. I think there is In
every enterprise, this is there is
low-hanging fruit here. There is
something broken in your onboarding,
retention, follow-up, customer education
process. Find the most broken one or two
things. And even if it isn't broken, be
honest. Go through your flow. See where
you you have gaps in coverage. See who
only See where only 50% of your
customers are covered or 30% or 20% or
where there's gaps, and think about what
you would build to get that to 100%
coverage. And I think it's worth just
building that. What would get you to
100% coverage in a in a segment? And I
think you can copy Amelia's prompts and
copy our work or just go into the
leaders like Replet and say, "Just copy
SaaStr sponsors." and see what you get.
Have some fun with it because
the software in this category is
mediocre, and it's difficult to
configure, and it's dated. It's dated.
So I think that this is a low-hanging
fruit for Vibin. So thanks, everybody.
We'll see you in May.
>> Yeah, thanks, everybody. Just to say
last little bit here,
to Jason's point, I'll just I haven't
really promoted this, but the agenda is
up on SaaStr Annual. If you guys want to
see what we're doing, all the Vibers
will be there. Anthropic's going to be
there. Chad from Replet Jean from
Vercel's going to be there on Tuesday.
Not to toot my own horn, but one of the
top performing sessions is I'm going to
do a version of this with our AI VP of
marketing, but I'm actually going to
have my FTE from Replet join me so I can
show you guys how to do one in real
time. So we'll do a a version of this,
but a little different where I rebuild
an AI VP. I'm not going to use our data.
I'm going to use probably fake data. I
decided it was for the best for this cuz
we're all going to going to record it,
but
So yeah, that'll be a fun one, too. You
can come ask your questions there, too,
if you're coming in person. But yeah,
all the all the Vibers, everyone's going
to be Anthropic's going to be there this
day.
There's a lot of Yeah, it's good. Our
goal will be come If you come on Tuesday
to deploy day, it whether you fully use
it or not, you can walk out with your
own AI VP of marketing. That's my goal.
That's the goal. It's going to be
awesome.
>> Yeah, it's the last session of the day
for that reason. So you guys can ask us
your questions, but that's my goal so
you can walk out with one. I'll see you
guys there. Thanks for tuning in.